[Tokenizers] add max_lengh parametrisation to encode (#1518)
openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai: src/README.md

For more examples of how metrics are used, please refer to the Python [benchmark_genai.py](../samples/python/text_generation/README.md) and C++ [benchmark_genai](../samples/cpp/text_generation/README.md) samples.

### Tokenization

> OpenVINO™ GenAI provides a simple way to tokenize and detokenize text using the `ov::genai::Tokenizer` class. The `Tokenizer` is a high level abstraction over the OpenVINO Tokenizers library, which is used to tokenize and detokenize text. The `Tokenizer` class provides a simple interface to tokenize and detokenize text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO™ GenAI provides a way to tokenize and detokenize text using the `ov::genai::Tokenizer` class. The `Tokenizer` is a high level abstraction over the OpenVINO Tokenizers library.
```
You stated the same thing twice.

Author: Thx! Applied

> It can be initialized from the path as a string or from the `ov::genai::LLMPipeline` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be initialized from the path, in-memory IR representation or obtained from the `ov::genai::LLMPipeline` object.
```

```cpp
#include "openvino/genai/llm_pipeline.hpp"
auto tokenizer = ov::genai::Tokenizer(models_path);

// Or from LLMPipeline.
auto pipe = ov::genai::LLMPipeline pipe(models_path, "CPU");
auto tokenzier = pipe.get_tokenizer();

````

```python
import openvino_genai as ov_genai
tokenizer = ov_genai.Tokenizer(models_path)

// Or from LLMPipeline.
pipe = ov_genai.LLMPipeline(models_path, "CPU")
tokenizer = pipe.get_tokenizer()
```

`Tokenizer` has `encode` and `decode` methods which support the following arguments: `add_special_tokens`, `skip_special_tokens`, `padding_mode`, `max_length` arguments.

> For padding use 

Author: TODO: finish this readme

Author: Done

// out_shape: [2, 1024]

// With TRUNCATE long string will be truncated to the same 1024 length for the longer sequences 
// and padded to the same 1024 length for the shorter sequences.
tokens = tokenizer.encode(
    ["This is THE LONGESTS string ever of all times " * 1000, "The"], 
    ov::genai::padding_mode(ov::genai::PaddingMode::TRUNCATE), 
    ov::genai::max_length(1024)
)
// out_shape: [2, 1024]
```

```python
import openvino_genai as ov_genai

tokenizer = ov_genai.Tokenizer(models_path)
prompts = ["The Sun is yellow because", "The"]

# String will be padded to the lengh of the longest sequence, max_length=1024 will be ignored.
tokens = tokenizer.encode(prompts, padding_mode=ov_genai.PaddingMode.LONGEST, max_length=1024)
print(tokens.input_ids.shape)
# out_shape: [2, 6]

# String are short and resulting tokens sequence will be padded to 1024.
tokens = tokenizer.encode(prompts, padding_mode=ov_genai.PaddingMode.MAX_LENGTH, max_length=1024)
print(tokens.input_ids.shape)
# out_shape: [2, 1024]

# Very long string will be truncated to the same 1024 length for the longer sequences 

> # and padded to the same 1024 length for the shorter sequences.

Reviewer: > We should add that truncation is the default behaviour and the max_length value comes from the original tokenizer if not explicitly defined.

Same for docstrings

Author: Simplified regimes. Now we have 

- `max_length` which by default defines truncation value and padding to the longest sequence in the batch is also performed. (If `max_length` is not set, default value is taken from IR).

- and `pad_to_max_length` flag, which enables padding to the `max_length` instead of the longest sequence in the batch. 

If resulting sequence exceeds `max_length` it will be still truncated. So now we always have truncation, if someone need to completely disable it they can set it to int32_max.

@apaniukov please take a look once more to the latest version, feed free to withdraw your approve if you don't agree with the latest version :)

> # and padded to the same 1024 length for the shorter sequences.

Author: Answered below. Please take a look
